well to my x is the exhibition park of
dove experience the latest news
of greater Portuguese soccer decided matches
free admission to the city, what
evil has here to do and you know
How could I not stop being already?
for example honey per cent when hitting
in pigeon after most are only missing you
today Thursday probably still
I'm going to stream, we're with
Grandson problems still does not exist here
in my industry but let's have net was not
and as soon as we have the river will face
on debut probably at night
inside to do is to be afraid of my channel
tn that already is silent the attack the film
de zelaya was very tasty and is José Mota
going back to washington has not yet done
nothing did not do anything but I was already smoking
adnet and that someone is able as much as
you can see here ex real and still
I'm not going to show the producer why I'm going.
just do a little video show all
of all the problems of the
own cells in the area of the consoles
that has delayed the zone is daycare where
some of the trainings will be transmitted
at the end of the young people themselves
can see the law as it is there that the
The Syrian sun kept the experimental 7
of consoles or more ahead
the republic of gamers of asus we have here
the vote in a game and we are not 15 years old
consoles where you perform the
courts black ops that the river is
let's find that they are and
class also and ps3 of uncharted animals
next to it and we also have another zone
experimental floor are usually
various games embedded in consoles
you can try both xbox and
ps3 further back has the kinect for
able to experience how to speak and could
have a zone of the man you can can
eat or you can see we'll have to
who could not bring food in
My opinion is the problem and blessed to
From this it will have been a gesture one
conca is going to bring the best airplane that
picking approve the South wants to be
first but ok let's see let's finish
Let's finish assembling, let's go.
story and I hope to have not even today
in games has released an image on facebook to
tell you
which the candidate we have here and the
what time does the river go?
get into the extreme when you have a voice and zé rico
do and hope it accompanies the game
accompanied today Thursday and already in
see a live game at t already and was well
to honey x is the exhibition park with
Experience the latest news
best Portuguese football and jorge
free president entrance